-: In this video, I'm gonna show you how to
download and install Wireshark on a Mac.
If you haven't got a Mac, then skip this video.
But if you want to see how to install Wireshark on a Mac,
I'm gonna show you that here.
The first thing you need to do is go to Wireshark.org
This is the official website and click download.
In my example, I'm gonna download
Wireshark for Mac Os 10.12 and later.
So click on that link,
that then downloads the software to my local computer.
It's a fairly simple installation.
Basically go to the website, click download
and then download the software.
I'm gonna open it when it's finished.
And then it's a fairly simple installation.
Okay so, the package file or DMG file is being opened
and verified.
I'm gonna double click on the package file,
that's being verified.
And now I can follow the Installation wizard.
Basically all I'm gonna do is
click next, next, next and install the software.
I'm going to put my password in,
to allow it to be installed.
The software is now being installed on my computer,
and as you can see, that has successfully completed.
I'm gonna keep the DMG file for the moment
and close this window.
I'm gonna open up a finder window and go to applications,
and search for Wireshark.
So there it is,
I'm gonna right click and click open.
And notice, there I'm able
to start capturing traffic in Wireshark.
I'm gonna double click on ethernet interface
and notice I can now capture traffic in Wireshark.
I'll just search for ARP here,
notice I can see ARP messages from a
Cisco router ARPing for a specific IP address.
So, a lot of broadcast ARP traffic there.
But basically I'll be able to see traffic on the network.
Including Dropbox syncing,
so syncing protocol this on VNC, traffic actually,
on the network.
Here's ARP, once again.
Here's TLS, so encrypted web traffic.
Bunch of traffic being sent on the network.
But that's an example of how to
install Wireshark on a Mac.
In subsequent videos I'm gonna show you
how to use Wireshark more effectively
than just grabbing all traffic.
I'll stop at this capture,
and then close Wireshark down,
but I won't save the captured file.
Okay, so there you go.
That's how you download and install Wireshark on a Mac.